= rivendell-rb

Rivendell-rb is a Ruby+Datamapper interface to the Rivendell broadcast automation system- specifically the logs and libraries.

It is tested only to work with Rivendell 1.7.2. If this causes your sustainer to fail, Rivendell to explode, your studio to spontaneously combust, etc... well, sorry. Test thoroughly before you use this in production. Rivendell 2.0 is very much not supported, since it's not stable yet. Once it's stable, support will be added.

== Installation

Should be a straightforward

  gem install rivendell


== Tools

Rivendell-rb gives you a command-line utility, 'rivendell'. It can currently be used for basic operations. For example:

  rivendell log -s Production -n MyNewLog -a create

Will create the log MyNewLog under the Production service. It will do nothing if the log already exists.


== Contributing to rivendell-rb
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 James Harrison. See LICENSE.txt for further details.
Rivendell is (c) 2007 Paravel Systems.

